c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\AttendanceSystem.exe.config
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\AttendanceSystem.exe
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\AttendanceSystem.pdb
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\Dashboard.baml
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\EmployeeRegistration.baml
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\Dashboard.g.cs
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\EmployeeRegistration.g.cs
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.g.resources
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.exe
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.pdb
c:\users\justine\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AttendanceSystem\AttendanceSystem\obj\Debug\AttendanceSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
